📄 Document footer usage (#2081)
jupyter-book/mystmd: docs/website-navigation.md

## Footer

You can add a site-wide footer by using [site "parts"](#parts:site).
Add a footer part to your `myst.yml` like so:

```{code} yaml
:filename: myst.yml
site:
  parts:
    footer: footer.md
```

The contents of `footer.md` will be rendered at the bottom of each page.
It will be parsed similarly to other MyST content (though some functionality like code execution will not work).

### Style your footer

By default footers have style that is similar to the rest of your document.

> To define a different style (e.g., a multi-column footer with links), use a combination of [`{grid}` and button elements](#grids), along with a [custom CSS style sheet](style-sheet).

Author: I didn't check where grid links to, but checking that you did not also intend to link to button here @choldgraf.

> The `.footer` CSS class is useful for selecting items in your footer.

Author: ```suggestion
Footers are wrapped in a `div` with class `.footer`, which can be used in CSS to select items for styling.
```

> For example, the following `myst.yml` configuration adds a `footer.css` file that could define the look and feel of your footer.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, the following `myst.yml` configuration adds a `footer.css` file that can be used to define the look and feel of your footer.
```
